What You’ll Do

    . Provide the engineering expertise to design, fabricate and integrate harnesses systems and represent the harness discipline on a project
    . Investigate, plan, design and develop harnesses to meet various technical requirements
    . Research, select and procure appropriate connectors, back-shells, contacts, wire, shielding, and cable construction for the product to meet appropriate environmental requirements
    . Develop and generate harness system block diagrams and wire diagrams to release for production
    . Participate in design reviews and provide input to identify issues and drive design choices
    . Prepare harness assembly instructions and test procedures, incorporating your knowledge of industry standards and best practices
    . Provide guidance to the electrical team in identifying electrical system requirements given input from internal and external stakeholders including engineering (mechanical, electrical, software), product management, quality and compliance
    . Work in a fast-paced environment supporting new developments, active deployments, and customer operated hardware
    . Concurrently manage involvement in multiple projects at various stages

Required Qualifications

    ## Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent
    ## Chroma + Collins, semiconductor industrial + aerospace ## 3+ years hands-on experience designing electrical harnessing for rugged commercial, industrial, aerospace, or military applications
    Experience working directly with harness manufacturers to deliver high quality, high reliability products
    ## Notes in interfaces.txt ## Familiarity with common electrical bus interfaces (CAN, Ethernet, RS422, RS232, 1553)
    ## List of stds and what they cover, eg:ARINC 624 Sec. 5, IPC WHMA-a-620, MIL-DTL38999, MIL-DTL-22529 (GROMMET) ## Familiar with existing applicable harness standards as well as MIL-STD requirements
    Notes in SWaP.txt ## Able to apply knowledge of SWaP for power, network and communications systems and designs
    Experience reading wire block interconnect diagrams and wire diagrams
    ## Exceptional organization and communication skills (both written and oral)
    ## Must be eligible to receive a US Security Clearance

Preferred Qualifications

    Build 3D routed harness data files applying NX Cabling and Siemens Capital Harness
    Experience with or proficient in 3D CAD wire harness routing, such as (NX, CATIA, CREO)
    Able to read and generate formboard drawings in 2D CAD for production


